Fix UG bugs (#413)
AY2223S1-CS2103T-T12-4/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

### `d/TASK_DESCRIPTION | DATE TIME | INTERVAL TIME_PERIOD`

* `TASK_DESCRIPTION` can be any non-empty string made of alphanumeric characters.
* `DATE TIME` must be of the form dd-MM-yy HHmm, but the time is optional. <br>
  e.g. `2-7-22 1345`, `09-4-22`, `08-06-22 0900`, `7-06-22 2130` and `28-10-22` are all valid `DATE TIME`.

> * If `TIME` is omitted, the task will be created with a default time of `0000` hours.

Reviewer: This point and everything below except the `TIME_PERIOD` bullet should be in the features section. Shaugn has already filled this part quite nicely so I suggest fixing the conflicts

The task parameter has the following constraints:

* `TASK_DESCRIPTION` accepts any values.
* `DATE TIME` should be in the format of `DD-MM-YY` or `DD-MM-YY HHMM`. <br>
   e.g. `2-7-22 1345`, `09-4-22`, `08-06-22 0900`, `7-06-22 2130` and `28-10-22` are all valid `DATE TIME`.

> * `INTERVAL TIME_PERIOD` should be in the format of `X day(s)/ week(s)/ month(s)/year(s)` where `X` is a positive integer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `INTERVAL TIME_PERIOD` should be in the format of `X day(s)/week(s)/month(s)/year(s)` where `X` is a positive integer.
```

>    e.g. `3 days`, `7 weeks`, `1 month`, `2 months`

Reviewer: this may not be necessary since the example below is already clear

> ### Task parameters

Reviewer: This shouldn't be put here. There is already a section for tasks if you scroll up.

* A task is specified using two pieces of information: `TASK_DESCRIPTION` and `DATE TIME`.
* `TASK_DESCRIPTION` can be any non-empty string made of alphanumeric characters.
* `DATE TIME` must be of the form dd-MM-yy HHmm, but the time is optional. <br>
  e.g. `2-7-22 1345`, `09-4-22`, `08-06-22 0900`, `7-06-22 2130` and `28-10-22` are all valid `DATE TIME`.
* If a `TIME` of `2400` if provided, it would simply be translated into `0000` hours of the next day. <br>
  e.g `2-11-22 2400` will be automatically be inferred as `3-11-22 0000`.
* If the day portion of the date exceeds the last day of that calendar month, it would default to the last day of the month. <br>
  e.g `31-4-22` will be automatically converted to `30-4-22` or `30-2-20` will be converted to `29-2-20` since 2020 is a leap year.

> * Although time can be omitted, this will result in the task being created with a default time of `0000` hours.

Reviewer: This info and below should be in the feature section as they are not constraints.

### Adding a task: `add` `-p`

You can add a task or recurring task to a patient with the `add` command.

Format: **`add`** `-p PATIENT_INDEX d/TASK_DESCRIPTION | <DATE TIME> | <INTERVAL TIME_PERIOD>`

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">

:information_source: **Notes:**
* `DATE TIME` and `INTERVAL TIME_PERIOD` must follow the criteria defined in [Task parameters](#parameter-constraints).
* Note that tasks are automatically sorted in chronological order upon being added, i.e if a task on `25-10-22` is added, this task's `TASK_INDEX` would be based on its chronological order in the patients task list. E.g the patient already contains tasks on `24-10-22` and `27-10-22`, the new task will be the 2nd task for the patient after the one on `24-10-22`.

> * If a `TIME` of `2400` if provided, it would simply be translated into `0000` hours of the next day. <br>

Reviewer: Phrasing seems a bit awkward, and there's a typo. I think this should be put as a warning in a separate box from the info box instead (see formatting in the `Editing data file section`). I think this explanation is enough to omit an example.

```suggestion
<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-warning">

:exclamation: **Caution:**
If you enter a `TIME` of `2400`, then the date and time will be set to `0000` hours of the next day.

</div>
```

* `list` followed by `add -p 1 d/Administer 3ml of example medicine` adds a task to the 1st patient in the patient list.
* `find Betsy` followed by `add -p 2 d/Change dressing on left arm | 12-7-22` adds a task to the 2nd patient in results of the `find` command, on 12th July 2022 0000 hours.
* `add -p 3 d/Take X-rays | 23-4-22 1345 | 3 weeks` adds a recurring task to the 3rd patient for every 3 weeks starting from 23rd April 2022 1345 hours.

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-success">

:bulb **Tip:** You can add multiple tasks at once when you first [add a patient](#adding-a-patient-add).

</div>

<br>

### Editing a task: `edit` `-p` `-d`

You can edit a task of a patient with the `edit` command.

Format: **`edit`** `-p PATIENT_INDEX -d TASK_INDEX d/<TASK_DESCRIPTION> | <DATE TIME> | <INTERVAL TIME_PERIOD>`

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">

:information_source: **Notes:**
* `DATE TIME` and `INTERVAL TIME_PERIOD` must follow the criteria defined in [Task parameters](#parameter-constraints).
* If a `INTERVAL TIME_PERIOD` is provided for what was originally a non-recurring task, the edit will transform it into a recurring one based on the given frequency

> * Tasks are automatically sorted in chronological order upon modification, i.e. if a task on `25-10-22` is edited to be `30-10-22`, its new `TASK INDEX` would be based on the displayed order in the patient's task list.

Reviewer: Repetitive. Mention these details once the first time the user encounters it i.e. in the add task section. Advanced users who use this guide as a refresher would probably know these details.

Reviewer: samme goes for the repeated parts below

* `list` followed by `edit -p 1 -d 1 d/| | 3 days` edits the recurrence of the 1st task of the 1st patient if the task was a recurring task to every 3 days, while keeping the original description, date and time. If the task was a non-recurring task, then this edit transforms the task into a recurring task with a recurrence of every 3 days.
* `list` followed by `edit -p 2 -d 3 d/| 25-10-22 | 2 weeks` edits the date and recurrence of the 3rd task fo the 2nd patient in the patient list to 25th october 2022 and every 2 weeks, while keeping the original description and time. If the task was a non-recurring task, then this edit transforms the task into a recurring task with a recurrence of every 2 weeks.
* `find David` followed by `edit -p 1 -d 2 d/Change bandage | | 4 days` edits the description and recurrence of the 2nd task of the 1st patient in the results of `find` command to `Change bandage` and every 4 days, while keeping the original date and time. If the task was a non-recurring task, then this edit transforms the task into a recurring task with a recurrence of every 4 days.

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">

:information_source: **Notes:**

> * Note that you cannot edit only the time portion of the task, to change the time you would have to provide the date as well, e.g to change from `25-10-22 0800` to `25-10-22 0900`, the edit would have to involve the full date and time `d/ | 25-10-22 0900`.

Reviewer: Several issues:
* Sentence is unnecessarily long. I'm sure there is a more concise way to phrase this.
* The spacing between `d/` and `|` is not consistent.
* The word `Note` at start of the sentence is redundant because you already have the box already tells the reader it is something to take note of.
* Move the example to a separate bullet point.

Reviewer: rule of thumb: get straight to the point.
"You must always provide a `DATE` if you want to change the `TIME`". Since you're providing an example already, you don't have to worry about your initial explanation being too brief.

### Adding a task: `add` `-p`

You can add a task or recurring task to a patient with the `add` command.

Format: **`add`** `-p PATIENT_INDEX d/TASK_DESCRIPTION | <DATE TIME> | <INTERVAL TIME_PERIOD>`

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">

:information_source: **Notes:**
* `DATE TIME` and `INTERVAL TIME_PERIOD` must follow the criteria defined in [Task parameters](#parameter-constraints).
* If `TIME` is omitted, the task will be created with a default time of `0000` hours.

> * `DATE TIME` itself can be omitted as well, this will result in the task being created with a task date and time of 24 hours from the moment of creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If `DATE TIME` is omitted, the task will be created with a date and time 24 hours from the moment of creation.
```

> * `INTERVAL TIME_PERIOD` is used to specify a recurring task i.e if the Task date passes, it will automatically generate the next Task based on the recurrence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `INTERVAL TIME_PERIOD` specifies a recurring task i.e if the task date passes, it will automatically generate the next task based on the recurrence.
```

* If `INTERVAL TIME_PERIOD` is omitted, then the task created will be a non recurring task, i.e one off task.
* Note that tasks are automatically sorted in chronological order upon being added. <br> 

>   e.g. the patient already contains tasks on `24-10-22` and `27-10-22`, the new task will be the 2nd task for the patient after the one on `24-10-22`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  e.g. If the patient already contains tasks on `24-10-22` and `27-10-22`, the new task will be the 2nd task for the patient after the one on `24-10-22`.
```

* If the day portion of the date exceeds the last day of that calendar month, it would default to the last day of the month. <br>
  e.g `31-4-22` will be automatically converted to `30-4-22` or `30-2-20` will be converted to `29-2-20` since 2020 is a leap year.

</div>

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-warning">

> :exclamation: **Caution**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:exclamation: **Caution:**
```

> * Adds a task to a patient at the specified `PATIENT_INDEX`.

Reviewer: Please have a look at the other feature sections and follow the language style as this may make it look inconsistent.

Reviewer: should be using 2nd-person language

Reviewer: The summary of what the command does should be placed before `Format:`

> * Adds a task to a patient at the specified `PATIENT_INDEX`.

Reviewer: this line should be deleted

> * `DATE TIME` and `INTERVAL TIME_PERIOD` must follow the criteria defined in [Task parameters](#task-parameters).

Reviewer: Have a look at how notes about the command are formatted in the other sections. We are using "info" and "tip" boxes.

* Edits the task at the specified `TASK_INDEX` of the patient at the specified `PATIENT_INDEX`.
* The task index refers to the index number shown in the task list of a patient.
* `DATE TIME` and `INTERVAL TIME_PERIOD` must follow the criteria defined in notes under command format.

> * If there is no change for certain parameters from the original values, leave them as empty but use the `|` if the position of that parameter happens to precede the parameter to be edited, if the position of the parameter is after the parameter to be edited then `|` is not required (refer to examples below).

Reviewer: May be better to cut this line as run-on lines are not reader friendly.

* If a `INTERVAL TIME_PERIOD` is provided for what was originally a non-recurring task, the edit will transform it into a recurring one based on the given frequency

> * Note that tasks are automatically sorted in chronological order upon being edited, i.e if a task on `25-10-22` is edited to be `30-10-22`, it's new `TASK INDEX` would be based on its chronological order in the patients task list.

Reviewer: grammatical errors

```suggestion
* Tasks are automatically sorted in chronological order upon modification i.e if a task on `25-10-22` is edited to be `30-10-22`, its new `TASK INDEX` would be based on the displayed order in the patient's task list.
```

Examples:
* `list` followed by `edit -p 1 -d 1 d/Administer 3ml of example medicine` edits the description of the 1st task of the 1st patient in the patient list to `Administer 3ml of example medicine`, while retaining the original date and time for the task.

> * `find Betsy` followed by `edit -p 2 -d 3 d/ | 23-10-22 0800` edits the date and time of the 3rd task of the 2nd patient in results of the `find` command to 23rd October 2022 0800 hours, while retaining the original description for the task.

Reviewer: Perhaps it is better to keep the use of pipe characters consistent, like in the medication section. There is no space between `d/` and `|` (even if it is accepted, still good to be consistent).

```suggestion
* `find Betsy` followed by `edit -p 2 -d 3 d/| 23-10-22 0800` edits the date and time of the 3rd task of the 2nd patient in results of the `find` command to 23rd October 2022 0800 hours, while retaining the original description for the task.
```
